Whenever I come across self doubt, I look a my past successes in life.
I was the one who was accepted to become a chief, which is a very,
very hard thing to do something that takes a lot of like, um, long excellence.
Thio actually have happened. Um, Thio and I was the one that
they chose. It builds my self confidence. I look at the fact that
I was accepted to Berkeley. There's some people who have had a really
great life, have had tutors and have been trained on distill Don't
get accepted to that university, and I was accepted. That builds
my confidence. I have to say that I was in the military, and particularly
I was a nuclear trained engineer. There's some people who can't
get into the military through their past criminality. Or maybe they're
out of shape. Or maybe they just don't have the discipline. You
know, I had that. I'm a veteran myself. I joined the long ranks of
people, um, who have been veterans, and I've pride for that. You know,
that builds my self confidence and particularly the nuke field. That's
something that I hadn't been trained for. The my whole entire
life. I wasn't a really good student in school. And yet here I waas,
learning what some would say is one of the most difficult things to
learn. In general, in life, there's rocket engineering and nuclear
engineering. You know, those are the two ones that are that are thought
off as being really difficult. And here I was a nervous kid from
Michigan who is actually studying this stuff. So whenever I come across
something new, something challenging, I just have to remember Hey,
you know what? Like I could do this because I've done almost, um,
the hardest things that you can do as an American and I was successful
at it.